c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\api.Tests.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\api.Tests.pdb
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\api.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\api.pdb
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\obj\Debug\api.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\obj\Debug\api.Tests.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\obj\Debug\api.Tests.pdb
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\fvand\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fvand\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\api.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\fvand\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\fvand\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\fvand\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\api\api.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
